TFKUBE-232: product version doc (#115)
atlassian-labs/data-center-terraform: README.md

**NOTE: This project is under heavy development, and it is not officially supported yet.**

Atlassian DC APP program provides App vendors in our ecosystem with ready-to-use environment setup tools. 

> This project provides a tool to provision infrastructure for Atlassian DC Helm chart products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project provides a tool to provision infrastructure for Atlassian DC products deployed with [Helm charts](https://atlassian.github.io/data-center-helm-charts/).
```
